samples: bluetooth: peripheral_mds: Add new testing scenario (#8935)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_mds/README.rst

|test_sample|

Testing with nRF Memfault mobile applications
---------------------------------------------

You can use the `nRF Memfault for Android`_ or the `nRF Memfault for iOS`_ applications for testing the :ref:`mds_readme`.
These applications can be also used for your custom applications using the Memfault Diagnostic Service.

1. |connect_terminal_ANSI|
#. Reset your development kit.
#. Observe that the sample starts.

> #. On your mobile phone with an access to the Internet, open the nRF Memfault application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On your mobile phone with access to the Internet, open the nRF Memfault application.
```

> #. In your mobile application, click the :guilabel:`Start` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the mobile application, tap :guilabel:`Start`.
```

#. Look for your device running the Memfault Diagnostic Service at the :guilabel:`Discovered devices` list.
#. Choose your device from the list.
#. Click :guilabel:`Connect` button to connect with your development kit.
#. Wait for the application to establish connection with your development kit.
#. In your mobile application, you can observe that the Memfault chunks are forwarded from your device to the Memfault Cloud.
#. Return to the terminal and press the Tab button on your keyboard to confirm that the Memfault shell is working.
   The shell commands available are displayed.

   To learn about the Memfault shell commands, issue command ``mflt help``.

> #. Use the buttons to trigger Memfault crashes, traces and metrics collection.
>    See :ref:`peripheral_mds_user_interface` for details about button functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Use the buttons to trigger Memfault crashes, traces and metrics collection.

   See :ref:`peripheral_mds_user_interface` for details about button functions.
```

#. Explore the Memfault user interface to see the errors and metrics sent from your device.

> #. When you finished collecting diagnostic data, you can click :guilabel:`Disconnect` button to close connection with your development kit.
> #. As bond information is preserved, you can immediately reconnect to the device by clicking the :guilabel:`Connect` button again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. When you have finished collecting diagnostic data, tap :guilabel:`Disconnect` to the close connection with your development kit.

   As the bond information is preserved, you can tap :guilabel:`Connect` again to immediately reconnect to the device.
```
